I actually came here alone because it really
pissed me off what this clown was
saying, me saying no, I didn't expect it, he
hadn't told you anything, right? I
didn't expect that he was going to say
yes, but I was talking to him and
when the time came to talk about
your thing, well, I said, okay, are you
willing to debate with you? I
thought he was going to come up with some
old excuse about something, you know, and no, no, no, I mean, he
says, Ah, well, come on because I'm going to go up there, and I say, Well, come on,
you just talked to me on
WhatsApp, something else, and I say, Well, let's
see if they talk and see how things turn out, what I did
n't expect, yeah, in the end, eh, he
sent you strike, we haven't talked about that, he
sent you strike, what TR, you see, you haven't
seen his video, he didn't send you
strike, he says that he reported the
videos because of the clicks you've put about
him, he sent you strike, in the video he
said it, eh, I know, I forgot about that,
you forgot about that, we didn't
get there, what the [ __ ] is this, what the [ __ ] is this clown,
really, he sent strike, because of
copyright,
copyright  But copyright there is a click of
course There is a
click there is a click Ah of course but he
will be able to throw it away for a [ __ ]
clip and him and the piece of [ __ ] starts
to do an entire live reacting to
my entire video no Son he was reacting It's
not that he
wasn't reacting to me entirely Of course he
removed it and also who says it
says in the video what a [ __ ] fake piece of
[ __ ] what a [ __ ] fake piece of [ __ ] he says
in the video I had to
ask him that and I forgot man
in the video he says I'm going to I removed the
live that I did yesterday because he did the
live that put you he put you as a clown
in the thumbnail he told you bully he told you
how many things He removed the live
and then uploaded it as a video and then
we didn't have time to see it I was
live and he removed it again and I say Well well that's it
And now he in his video
today says no it's that I removed it
because he really likes to put strike
so so that he doesn't put it on me I
removed it but I put one on him
what a son of a [ __ ] he is really disgusting
guy and  I had to ask him and I
forgot man that's great Well well
Let's hope they reject it man
Because it's logical they're going to reject you what a
piece of disgusting Oh it was a good topic
that guy was a good topic that what a piece
of disgusting I mean really I freak out
with the scum that defends this guy he
freaks me out as much as the scum that defended
the doctor I swear eh No but let's see the
doctor, I don't see this on another level that's
so much eh I see it no no I don't see it as bad
at the moment I don't know him I see him
tricked by the girl that's what I see it
like [ __ ] it's what he's telling you the
guy you get t things out of him Hey but it's that
she this but it's that she that and the
guy it's already true yes there is no
justification yes it's true in this
neither yes it's true in this neither and
in the end he says then how do you
defend her that she's your friend that you
talk to her I mean how do you
defend her I don't know let's see how it
evolves and let's see how how is that thing about the do
Wait Wait I'm going to say my
prediction  for tomorrow's video Yeah
my prediction for tomorrow's video
is at least 300 boom at least
minimum
300 Yeah that minimum
300 how many are you saying dude but it's 3
hours eh what the [ __ ] is he going to count in 3
hours what the [ __ ] is 3 hours pu no no no I'm not
putting another zero 3000 of course 3 hours
daa a lot I mean but piss too 3 hours
what the [ __ ] and this morning they already knew how
long the video was but well what do you know
what
Mm do you remember when I can
tell this because Arón gave me permission to
tell it he was going to come tell it and
in the end eh it passed us by Do you remember that
the doctor now that he's taken the
doctor out Do you remember that he also started messing
with Aaron and saying this guy I don't
know what I'm going to see him at this event and
you'll see what I'm going to tell him I don't know what
Well you know you know what he
did when when he saw him he asked him for a
photo Ah he asked him for a photo he says Oh it
's  all good I don't know what you know the
youtuber and asked him for a
photo how good how fake they are man it's
that the doctor for me I think that the
doctor is the worst the worst that one That was
regrettable well king you have not
enjoyed your
birthday Yeah the truth is that yes look he
just arrived so well man well Hey
Thank you so much for coming
to see if you come another day more
calmly yes the best are when I stop
by here to [ __ ] on everyone's dead
no no you're not going to sleep Now more comfortable
eh Yes I think that the [ __ ] could have said
why you a video to Tommy weren't you going to
dedicate it on your channel No the truth is
that no that's why in the end
it's what he wants and that's why he
dedicates the [ __ ] video to me you know it's
like he could if he wanted to
defend Katy so much Even if you say
both of them it would make more sense actually he
dedicates the video to me it's like I'm only
part analyzing I'm not part in this
conflict you know Yes the truth is that he has
resented you more than him it's that
in the end you are the one who  interview no matter
how much you give your opinion and
lean or whatever in the video
Oh and not only that, me too in the video
If you noticed, the bear starts saying
no, I didn't threaten him, I don't know what and I say no, that's
how you threatened him, you saw that how how how
Oh of course and you tell him that it's
wrong when he claims you after having made
his life Yes that part yes of course here
which really pisses me off the
scum who starts saying that I defend
the bear Costa from whatever and I don't know what it
is like I don't defend Costa from
whatever the things that didn't appear to me like that it
was hypocritical for him to get angry
because the other one was flirting when
he was also doing his
things eh I tell him that S little bit on
both parts or when he says No, I didn't
threaten him and I say yes yes you threatened him I
mean there are things where I proved him wrong
but come on people see what they want
with cu a but anyway you can
be subjective your channel and it's your  channel And
in the end you can lean towards whoever
you want and whoever you want In
this case, it's what I told you yesterday,
man, I'm not leaving, I'm not breaking my back
for either of them. She's an Amber
and the other one doesn't really
give me much confidence either. Like, what I
see there is a broken marriage with
luck for the other, luck that he
has the company in Venezuela, he must have
done and undone there whatever he wants,
in another country he must have been gaining
confidence little by little, you know, the other one in
Miami doesn't know anything, she's been
gaining confidence, confidence, they trust,
fanza, damn, she's started playing spin the
bottle in the
office. I'm telling you, I don't know him
at all. I'm not breaking a lance
by saying I know him, he's my friend, I know he's
never done anything because I've not only
analyzed things that there are and nothing more and I
see that she lies a lot, it's
crazy how much she lies but about
very serious things
and what made me
say the most fatal was when the aunt was
using the argument of I had to call
the police and then I see what it really
is because she to me  she sent me some videos
that she recorded of him that barely last
three and six seconds of her recording from
the window to him talking to the police
and she sent it to me saying
how what she did to me I don't know what I don't know
how many and of course a 3 second video What am I
going to watch of that and then I see the
full video and I say this girl is a
liar I mean she's trying to
show me things
cut out to give it the air that she wants you
know Knowing man, I mean a
person who does that knowing that she's
being recorded because you say Well you don't
know You don't know that they're recording her
Look they caught her but no, not knowing
that she's being recorded So what is it that is
mu it's very heavy it's
stronger I think people are not
giving as much importance to it as it should
but for me and in fact there are people who
are justifying it saying no it's
normal the bear was recording normal that he
behaves calmly and it's like but if
she also knew that they were
recording her of course these people don't
think you don't realize that she also
knew that they were recording her and she
could  also acted normally of
course or have stopped talking but she
behaved in the worst
possible way and already part of the
behavior is getting the
authorities involved and being able to
file a false complaint whatever you say
Well, I'm both unfaithful to take it up the ass
the marriage has broken up there's no
reason to make it public Hey look we have
a public image we have a company
neither of us say anything Tom it's just that there's no
reason to say it or rather at most cl no And
that is the point also that
seems super relevant to me is that she is the one who
starts with super beast attacks on
Instagram she is she is she is she the one
who starts and starts in a very
strong way if the other leaked the
conversations it is very possible that yes
but in the end she does not stop coming after
she leaks everything and more and sends
according to c she has sent the pornographic video
of him
to the gossip channels and has
released something has given
any indication that she is going to publish it no no that
I know of what he has told me I have not been
able to verify but some of these
gossip channels that are on
her side have said that they have  seen
his pornographic video and obviously
she leaked this, you
know man, you realize that
what she put in a 3
million video is strong, I mean, and I can't
justify that she had a bad time or
that she didn't have a bad time or anything like that,
but at the moment that video was published,
uh, with those intimacies
of hers, I mean, he must have had a really
bad time, trust me. This way he got with
those
conversations, yes, in the end there's
nothing wrong with them, they embarrass you because they
embarrass you, they're conv that it makes you feel bad
because you've made him feel good. But in the
end, he's not committing anything, he's
there, you know, but the other thing is that
even photos have been leaked, sending photos to
one thing that's also relevant,
people who start saying it, that if the
hacking of Kat's channels, that if I do
n't know what, I don't know how many, there hasn't been any
hacking. You're welcome, people don't understand that
Katy's networks were, I mean, they were
all in the company, okay, because they had
created them in relation to the company
and the company is the one of the two, okay,
so
he has access to that  channel that is not that it
is exclusively Katy's it
was both of them from a company that belonged to both of them
So if he had wanted to hack or
delete her networks of everything he could have
done it at any time until
eh Like Juan did with Kenia
exactly exactly exactly just right right
until the moment when he
starts to delete the video that she
uploads secretly all the time because then he
could have deleted the other video too
perfectly he could have
waited for her to publish it and then
delete it which had been silly But anyway
the point is that the video when he
uploads it secretly he deletes that video
because he has access to the Channel
because new it is related to the
company that belongs to both of them people do not
understand that the brand was part of
the company that the company of both
okay he could have deleted the
entire channel he could have deleted
all her networks the only thing he deleted was
that specific video and because it contained
his and her private conversations
then she started pretending to be hacked from
all sides and I don't know what and that is not
true either she has not suffered any
hacking You're welcome the accounts were
also owned by the
company and  and he could have deleted them, he has
n't deleted them at any time, he hasn't
even deleted the video, the video
this fat guy who uploaded hasn't deleted,
no, yeah, no, no, what he deleted was when he
leaked, eh,
man, these people were because
the kid was going to be asked if he condemns KCU and in the
end he left so angry that I didn't ask him